README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋, my name is **James Tang**
#### Software Engineer | Full Stack Engineer

I am a passionate Software Engineer and Full Stack Engineer with a focus on building scalable, efficient, and reliable systems. I specialize in end-to-end testing, API development, cloud infrastructure management, and CI/CD pipeline optimization.

### 🛠️ **Tech Stack and Expertise:**

## 🚀 Features

- **Type-Safe Development** with TypeScript
- **Server-Side Rendering** with Next.js
- **Cloud-Native Architecture** on AWS
- **UI** with Tailwind CSS and Radix UI
- **Advanced Data Tables**
- **Form Validation** with Zod schemas
- **Authentication & Authorization**
- **Real-time Data** with GraphQL

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages & Frameworks**
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe JavaScript
- **JavaScript** - Core programming language
- **Next.js** - React framework with SSR
- **React** - UI library
- **AWS Amplify (Gen 2)** - Full-stack cloud platform

### **UI & Styling**
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Radix UI** - Unstyled, accessible component primitives
- **clsx** - Conditional className builder
- **tailwind-merge** - Merge Tailwind classes
- **class-variance-authority** - Type-safe variant props

### **Forms & Validation**
- **react-hook-form** - Performant forms management
- **Zod** - TypeScript-first schema validation

### **Cloud & DevOps**
- **AWS Amplify Gen 2** - Next-gen AWS development platform
- **AWS CDK v2** - Cloud Development Kit
- **AWS Cognito** - User authentication
- **AWS AppSync/Data** - GraphQL API & real-time data
- **AWS S3** - File storage
- **AWS Lambda** - Serverless functions
- **GitHub Actions** - CI/CD pipelines

### **Databases**
- **Amplify Data** - DynamoDB with GraphQL

---

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=environmentallyconsciouscoder&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="environmentallyconsciouscoder" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=environmentallyconsciouscoder&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="environmentallyconsciouscoder" /></p>

<div align='center'>

---

Commit message:

Revise introduction in README.md
Updated personal introduction to emphasize user-centric web applications and modern development practices.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋, my name is **James Tang**
#### Software Engineer | Full Stack Engineer

I am a passionate Software Engineer and Full Stack Engineer focused on building scalable, efficient, and user-centric web applications. I thrive on architecting robust systems, from the back-end API to the front-end user interface, with a strong emphasis on type safety, modern tooling, and cloud-native principles.

### 🛠️ **Tech Stack and Expertise:**

## 🚀 Features

- **Type-Safe Development** with TypeScript
- **Server-Side Rendering** with Next.js
- **Cloud-Native Architecture** on AWS
- **UI** with Tailwind CSS and Radix UI
- **Advanced Data Tables**
- **Form Validation** with Zod schemas
- **Authentication & Authorization**
- **Real-time Data** with GraphQL

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages & Frameworks**
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe JavaScript
- **JavaScript** - Core programming language
- **Next.js** - React framework with SSR
- **React** - UI library
- **AWS Amplify (Gen 2)** - Full-stack cloud platform

### **UI & Styling**
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Radix UI** - Unstyled, accessible component primitives
- **clsx** - Conditional className builder
- **tailwind-merge** - Merge Tailwind classes
- **class-variance-authority** - Type-safe variant props

### **Forms & Validation**
- **react-hook-form** - Performant forms management
- **Zod** - TypeScript-first schema validation

### **Cloud & DevOps**
- **AWS Amplify Gen 2** - Next-gen AWS development platform
- **AWS CDK v2** - Cloud Development Kit
- **AWS Cognito** - User authentication
- **AWS AppSync/Data** - GraphQL API & real-time data
- **AWS S3** - File storage
- **AWS Lambda** - Serverless functions
- **GitHub Actions** - CI/CD pipelines

### **Databases**
- **Amplify Data** - DynamoDB with GraphQL

---

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=environmentallyconsciouscoder&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="environmentallyconsciouscoder" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=environmentallyconsciouscoder&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="environmentallyconsciouscoder" /></p>

<div align='center'>

---
